Adds info about client.bulk (#6535)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _clients/javascript/helpers.md

## Bulk helper

> The bulk helper simplifies making complex bulk API requests. (Alternatively, you can use `client.bulk` which allows multiple types of operations, for example, you can mix `delete` with `index`. For more information, see https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-js/blob/main/guides/bulk.md.)

Reviewer: I would create a section named "bulk operations" in the main javascript client page and specify that there are 2 ways to do bulk operations there.

Reviewer 2: I think we want the user to look at `client.helpers.bulk` first because it fits 99% of the use cases and is a lot more streamlined to use than `client.bulk`.  So, it makes sense that `client.bulk` takes a backseat as most users should not be bothered with it.

Author: > I would create a section named "bulk operations" in the main javascript client page and specify that there are 2 ways to do bulk operations there.

I will tackle that in a separate PR, since we already have a way to link to the helper page from the opening paragraph in https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/javascript/index/.

> The bulk helper simplifies making complex bulk API requests. (Alternatively, you can use `client.bulk` which allows multiple types of operations, for example, you can mix `delete` with `index`. For more information, see https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-js/blob/main/guides/bulk.md.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bulk helper simplifies making complex bulk API requests. The bulk helper supports operations of the same kind. Alternatively, you can use the `client.bulk` method to perform multiple types of bulk operations. For example, you can send `delete` and `index` operations in one bulk request. For more information, see the [Bulk guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-js/blob/main/guides/bulk.md).
```
